Be/project instructions (#31)
AdaGold/solar-system-api: README.md

# Solar System API

## Goal

> Our coding skills improve with repetition.
> 
> Our goal is to practice creating a minimal Flask API in a pair or group setting.
> 
> Pairing with other programmers will help create stronger understanding of the material, and improved skill at working with others. Software teams thrive on collaboration, so working side-by-side with someone while coding is vital!
> 
> In this activity, we will build a Solar System API. This API will store information about different planets.

Reviewer: I just prefer a bulleted list of goals (feel free to ignore):

```suggestion

* Improve our understand of Flask & SQL Alchemy with repetition
* Discuss and explain Flask code together in pair or group programming
* Improve skill at working with others. 
    * Software teams thrive on collaboration, so working side-by-side with someone while coding is vital!

In this activity, we will build a Solar System API. This API will store information about different planets.
```

- Add configuration, such as registering blueprints or configuring databases, in `app/__init__.py`
- Commit and push often

## Github Setup

1. Choose one member to fork the Solar System API repo 
1. Add all members to the forked repo as collaborators (through the repo settings)
1. All group members should clone this new, forked, group repo and `cd` into it
1. Discuss good git hygiene: 
    * Make regular commits
    * Push commits before switching driver
    * Pull before starting to drive

## Guidelines for Pair-Programming

- The driver is the person who is at the keyboard and mouse
- The navigator is the person who is thinking out loud, actively collaborating with the driver about the next step, and helping guide the development

> - Trade-off driver and navigator roles often, at least daily

Reviewer: Daily?  Maybe instead each hour.

Author: Students generally work on this for 1-2 hours. What about this:
```suggestion
- Trade-off driver and navigator roles often, at least daily, or every hour for longer work sessions.
```

> - Trade-off driver and navigator roles often, at least daily

Reviewer: I think people get better outcomes switching more often than daily, but don't have data on that.
